README.md, before:

# System Bridge

A bridge for your systems.

![CI](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/workflows/CI/badge.svg) ![CodeQL](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg)

![Logo](./public/system-bridge-rect.png)

## Features

- System Information - Access your system's Audio, Battery, Bluetooth, CPU,
 Filesystems, Graphics, Memory, Networking, OS, and Process information via the
 API.
- Audio Player and Controls - Play music or sounds and change the volume of
 your device via the API.
- Send Commands - Automate your system by sending a command or opening a URL or
 path via the API.
- Cross-Platform - Compatible with Windows, Mac and Linux.

### API Endpoints

| Endpoint      | Description                                      | Method                 |
| ------------  | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------- |
| /audio        | Play audio, change volume, and get information   | DELETE, GET, POST, PUT |
| /battery      | Battery Information                              | GET                    |
| /bluetooth    | Bluetooth Information                            | GET                    |
| /command      | Run a System Command                             | POST                   |
| /cpu          | CPU Information                                  | GET                    |
| /display      | Control and get display information              | GET, PUT               |
| /docs         | OpenAPI Docs                                     | GET                    |
| /filesystem   | Filesystem Information                           | GET                    |
| /graphics     | Graphics Information                             | GET                    |
| /information  | Endpoint Information                             | GET                    |
| /memory       | Memory Information                               | GET                    |
| /network      | Network Information                              | GET                    |
| /notification | Create a system notification                     | POST                   |
| /open         | Open a URL or file using the default application | POST                   |
| /os           | OS Information                                   | GET                    |
| /processes    | Processes Information                            | GET                    |
| /system       | System Information                               | GET                    |

## Download

You can download the latest version of the application [here](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/releases).

## Updates

The application will automatically update whenever a new version is released in
this repository. You can also download the latest version manually from [here](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/releases).

## Developing

### Dependencies

To make changes to the application, you will need:

- Node.js
- Yarn

### Optional Dependencies

#### MDNS

You will only need this if you want to be able to discover the app over mdns.
The app will warn you if there are missing dependencies.

##### MDNS - Windows

You will need the "Bonjour SDK for Windows" or a related SDK in your system.

> This is not used when building the app, as linux builds using the avahi
> libdns_sd package with wine. See the GitHub workflows for details.

##### MDNS - Linux

###### Ubuntu/Debian/APT

```bash
sudo apt install libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev
```

###### Fedora/DNF/RPM

```bash
sudo dnf install avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel
```

### Setup

```bash
yarn install:all
```

### Running

```bash
yarn start:dev
```

or:

```bash
yarn start
```

### Package / Make

```bash
yarn [package|make]
```

or if developing for another platform:

```bash
yarn [package|make] --platform [darwin|linux|win32]
```

## Publishing

> Make sure the version in `package.json` matches the release before publishing.

1. Find the draft release created by the release drafter workflow.
1. Publish the release.

The deploy workflow will then publish the release for each platform.

Commit message:

Update README for video endpoint

README.md, after:

# System Bridge

A bridge for your systems.

![CI](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/workflows/CI/badge.svg) ![CodeQL](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg)

![Logo](./public/system-bridge-rect.png)

## Features

- System Information - Access your system's Audio, Battery, Bluetooth, CPU,
 Filesystems, Graphics, Memory, Networking, OS, and Process information via the
 API.
- Audio Player and Controls - Play music or sounds and change the volume of
 your device via the API.
- Video Player - Play local or hosted videos on your device via the API.
- Send Commands - Automate your system by sending a command or opening a URL or
 path via the API.
- Cross-Platform - Compatible with Windows, Mac and Linux.

### API Endpoints

| Endpoint      | Description                                      | Method                 |
| ------------  | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------- |
| /audio        | Play audio, change volume, and get information   | DELETE, GET, POST, PUT |
| /battery      | Battery Information                              | GET                    |
| /bluetooth    | Bluetooth Information                            | GET                    |
| /command      | Run a System Command                             | POST                   |
| /cpu          | CPU Information                                  | GET                    |
| /display      | Control and get display information              | GET, PUT               |
| /docs         | OpenAPI Docs                                     | GET                    |
| /filesystem   | Filesystem Information                           | GET                    |
| /graphics     | Graphics Information                             | GET                    |
| /information  | Endpoint Information                             | GET                    |
| /memory       | Memory Information                               | GET                    |
| /network      | Network Information                              | GET                    |
| /notification | Create a system notification                     | POST                   |
| /open         | Open a URL or file using the default application | POST                   |
| /os           | OS Information                                   | GET                    |
| /processes    | Processes Information                            | GET                    |
| /system       | System Information                               | GET                    |
| /video        | Play videos and control playback                 | DELETE, POST, PUT      |

## Download

You can download the latest version of the application [here](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/releases).

## Updates

The application will automatically update whenever a new version is released in
this repository. You can also download the latest version manually from [here](https://github.com/timmo001/system-bridge/releases).

## Developing

### Dependencies

To make changes to the application, you will need:

- Node.js
- Yarn

### Optional Dependencies

#### MDNS

You will only need this if you want to be able to discover the app over mdns.
The app will warn you if there are missing dependencies.

##### MDNS - Windows

You will need the "Bonjour SDK for Windows" or a related SDK in your system.

> This is not used when building the app, as linux builds using the avahi
> libdns_sd package with wine. See the GitHub workflows for details.

##### MDNS - Linux

###### Ubuntu/Debian/APT

```bash
sudo apt install libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev
```

###### Fedora/DNF/RPM

```bash
sudo dnf install avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel
```

### Setup

```bash
yarn install:all
```

### Running

```bash
yarn start:dev
```

or:

```bash
yarn start
```

### Package / Make

```bash
yarn [package|make]
```

or if developing for another platform:

```bash
yarn [package|make] --platform [darwin|linux|win32]
```

## Publishing

> Make sure the version in `package.json` matches the release before publishing.

1. Find the draft release created by the release drafter workflow.
1. Publish the release.

The deploy workflow will then publish the release for each platform.
